Add namespaced version of the `db:migrate:reset` command. (#55077)
rails/rails: activerecord/CHANGELOG.md

> *   Add namespaced version of the `db:migrate:reset` command.

Reviewer: It's more accurate to reference multiple databases since they aren't namespaced otherwise.

```suggestion
*   Add support for multiple databases to `db:migrate:reset`.
```
